Simon just gave you some rules.
But if there are rules, then there are exceptions to those rules.
As you're very well aware of,
we are allowed to include stylesheets, images, videos,
iframes, and even scripts from other origins as well as send form data to other origins.
The end user won't be able to tell that one image is loaded from our server,
while another is loaded from Instagram.
However, for web developers there is a difference.
You can't interact with an image tag that is showing
a cross origin image in the same way you could with an image from the same origin.
For example, you can't inspect the pixels of the image from inside the canvas element.
The same goes for a script tag that includes a cross origin script resource.
The contents will either just silently appear empty,
or in case of more modern APIs,
it will explicitly throw an error.
For the same origin script tag,
I have access to its contents.
But I can't access the other origin script contents.
It's important to keep in mind that the user's browser
is the one who enforces the same origin policy.
It's not the server but the client that will not let you send off requests.
We'll see why this is important,
as we look into getting around same origin policy restrictions in the next video.